Essay Set: 1
Source Essay: More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
Those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people,
and even allow people to talk online with other people. Others have different ideas. Some experts are 
concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying
nature, and interacting with family and friends

Question: Write a letter to your local newspaper in which you state your opinion on the effects computers
have on people. Persuade the readers to agree with you.

Set of answers to above questions are given below with obtained score.

Answer 1: Well, computers can be a good or a bad thing. I don'@CAPS1 see computers can be a bad thing for me. I also know computers can or will help people all around the world. I think computers have positive effects on people like me. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. It can help if you need to find out research for a school project. You can create lots of things on computers like music, designer logos, banners, and lots of other creative things. With a computer, you can look up available homes and apartments. You can even go online and fill out a job application and save trips to stores cool is that!! Well, I'm a regular person not rich not famous but computers provide a lot of information people use today. That's why I think that computers have a positive effect on people and you don'@CAPS1 have to be super smart to use one.
Score: 5

Answer 2: Dear The computer blinked to life and an image of a blonde-haired girl filled the screen. It was easy to find out how life was in thanks to the actual girl explaining it. Going to the library wouldn't have filled one with this priceless information and human interaction. Computers are a necessity of life if society wishes to grow and expand. They should be supported because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and allow people to talk to others online. Firstly, computers help teach hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is a useful ability that is used to excel in sports. In a recent survey, kids felt their hand-eye coordination improved after computer use. Even a simple thing like tying can build up this skill. A famous neurologist stated in an article last week that, "@CAPS3 and computer strength the When on the computer, you automatically process what the eyes see into a command for your hands." hand-eye coordination can improve people in sports such as baseball and basketball. If someone wants to become better in these sports, all they'd need to do is turn on the computer. Once people become better at sports, they're more likely to play them and become more healthy. In reality, computers can help with exercising instead of decreasing it. Additionally, computers allow people to access information about faraway places and people. If someone wanted to research all they'd need to do was type in a search would be presented to them in it would link forever to search through countless things. Also, having the ability to learn about cultures can make people and their cultures, understand others something. Increase tolerance people. Computers are a resourceful tool that can help people in every different aspect of life. Lastly, computers and technology can allow people to chat. Computer chat and video chat can help all different nations. Bring on good terms places other than can help us understand story comes out about something that happened in people can just go on their computer and ask an actual citizen their take on the matter. Also, video chat and online conversation can cut down on expensive phone bills. No one wants to pay more than they have to in this economy. Another good point is that you can access family members you scarcely visit. It can help you connect with your own family more. Obviously, computers are a useful aid in today's era. their advancements push the world forward to a better place. Computers can help people because they help teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people and allow people to talk online with others. Think of a world with no computers or technological advancements. The world would be sectored and unified, contact between people scarce, and information even. The internet is like thousands of libraries put together. Nobody would know much about other nations and news would travel slower. Is that the kind of place you want people to live in?
Score: 7

Answer 3: Dear local newspaper, I think the effects computers have on people are great learning skills/effects because they give us time to chat with friends/new people, help us learn about the globe(astronomy), and keep us out of trouble! Thing about! Don't you think so? How would you feel if your teenager was always on the phone with friends? Do you ever have time to chat with your friends or business partner about things? Well now - there's a new way to chat on the computer, There are plenty of sites on the internet to do so: facebook, MySpace, etc. Just think now while you setting up a meeting with your boss on the computer, your teenager is having fun on the phone not rushing to get off cause you want to use it. How did you learn about other countries/states outside of yours? Well I have my computer/internet, it's a new way to learn about what going on in our time! You might think your child spends a lot of time on the computer, but ask them questions about the economy, sea floor spreading, or even about you'll be surprised at how much he/she knows. Believe it or not, the computer is much more interesting than in a class all day reading out of books. If your child is home on your computer or at a local library, it's better than being out with friends being fresh, or being prepared to do something they know isn't right. You might not know where your child is, forbidden in a hospital bed because of a drive-by. Rather than your child on the computer learning, chatting, or just playing games, safe and sound in your home or community place. Now I hope you have reached a point to understand and agree with me because computers can have great effects on you or your child because they give us time to chat with friends/new people, help us learn about the globe and believe or not keep us out of trouble. Thank you for listening. 
Score:6

Answer 4: I do not agree that people should be on the computer a lot and I going to say way. My first reason is that if you are an old man or you're not going to do with your kids and you going to have eye problems so that way you should do on the computer a lot. My second reason is that you going to have a problem with your wife if she finds out that you are talking to another woman online because a lot of people their wives find out what they can't do with another woman. My third reason is that if you are a kid like me you not going to have fun and you not going to have friends because the computer problem came and went and not going to do with your family and your little sister out said playing with her. So that is why you should do a lot on the computer.
Score:5
